migrate-from-mariadb: mention automatic prefix index (#22376)
pingcap/docs: migrate-from-mariadb.md

See also [Character Set and Collation](/character-set-and-collation.md).

### Index length

> As the following example shows, MariaDB automatically converts an index to a prefix index if it exceeds the maximum key length. TiDB, following MySQL's behavior, does not perform this automatic conversion and instead returns an error. Therefore, you need to modify your scripts to explicitly create prefix indexes where necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the following example shows, MariaDB automatically converts an index to a prefix index and returns a warning if the index exceeds the maximum key length. Unlike MariaDB, TiDB follows the MySQL behavior: it does not perform this automatic conversion and returns an error instead. Therefore, when migrating MariaDB DDL to TiDB, if an indexed column might exceed the maximum key length supported by TiDB, you need to modify your scripts to create a prefix index explicitly.
```

```
MariaDB> \W
Show warnings enabled.
MariaDB> CREATE TABLE t1(id SERIAL, c1 VARCHAR(800));
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.024 sec)

MariaDB> ALTER TABLE t1 ADD INDEX(c1);
Query OK, 0 rows affected, 1 warning (0.031 sec)
Records: 0  Duplicates: 0  Warnings: 1

Note (Code 1071): Specified key was too long; max key length is 3072 bytes
MariaDB> SHOW CREATE TABLE t1\G
*************************** 1. row ***************************
       Table: t1
Create Table: CREATE TABLE `t1` (
  `id` bigint(20) unsigned NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `c1` varchar(800) DEFAULT NULL,
  UNIQUE KEY `id` (`id`),
  KEY `c1` (`c1`(768))
) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4 COLLATE=utf8mb4_uca1400_ai_ci
1 row in set (0.001 sec)
```

> MariaDB also has special handling for unique indexes that exceed the maximum key length, as shown below. TiDB does not provide this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MariaDB also has special handling for unique indexes that exceed the maximum key length. For example, in the following example, MariaDB creates a `USING HASH` unique index on a `TEXT` column. TiDB does not provide this feature.
```
